Do as the Romans do.
We often say when in Rome do as the Romans do.
So when you eat western food, do as westerners do.
Here are some things that you may need to know about eating together in the west.
In some western countries lunch is usually eaten at about 1 pm.
Dinner is served around 7 pm or even later.
In Spain it is usual to have lunch at 3 pm and dinner at 10 pm.
At the start of a meal the French say bon appétit and the Italians say one appétito.
But there is nothing similar to say in English.
Enjoy your meal is usually only said by the person who brings the food.
Nives and forks are used for most western food.
The fork is held in your left hand and the knife in your right.
And the food is held with the fork and cut with the knife.
Soup is eaten with a spoon.
However there is some food which you can eat with your fingers such as chicken wings and hamburgers.
During the meal you may be invited to serve yourself, usually the ladies before the gentleman,
by someone who says help yourself.
Or you will be served by someone who asks would you like some.
You can take it and say thank you.
If you are given something you do not like, you can just say for example,
I'm sorry, I don't eat meat or I don't eat fish.
No one will be cross.
If you are offered more food but cannot eat anymore, just say no thanks.
It was delicious but I've had enough.
Remember that it is polite to say that you enjoy every dish when it is served.
And that you have enjoyed the food at the end of a meal.
It is sometimes difficult to know when the meal is over.
If you are invited to dinner by western friends, you will be expected to stay and talk around the dinner table
long after the last dish is served.
And it is not polite if you leave as soon as you finish eating.
The rule is watch the other people do as they do.